I took a bike riding during this quarantine.
You know what time I leave my house? Eight, 15:00 AM. You know, I do that.
There's a reason why there's just nobody out. Yeah. I go against the grain.
I don't let cars by me. I go against cars. You got something to say,
you put your mouth.
I wear a hooded sweatshirt with a 22 just in case I don't,
I don't tell people that I don't wear headphones.
Sometimes I go on the sidewalk, whatever, but trust me,
I know that I'm in danger of getting hit because there's a lot of
texting. I see it. You, when you're on a bike, you're in danger,
human danger, your best bet is to get a bike and go on to Chandler trout.
You're pretty safe that, you know, I've done that a lot too.
But the Chandler trail is kind of weird that there's people walking and there's
people dogs.
They got to take their dogs everywhere because he believed the book,
Gallup water. Yet. You're going to note here. I want to eat.
Now the lady sitting there with a ball,
the dog gets they home. Not one day.
Everybody in California got to take a dog.
They have a most dogs take Xanax.
Like everybody out do a line of Coke. Wait, did Coke is up to 1800. An ounce.
Isn't really a hundred an hour. What did it used to be six?
They were giving it away three years ago. What happened?
[inaudible] oh,
it's hard to get in COVID and they got an extra 600 a week on an employment.
What did he get? New Mexican tunnel. They just found located tunnel.
They've ever discovered. That's an easy one. They gave him that. Yeah.
Look at that, dude. That's how the vampires come in.